Script 1:
    powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
Script 2:
   .\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1

   {
  "id": 0,
  "username": "ehtisham",
  "email": "ehtishamexp@gmail.com",
  "password": Ehti@123
}

# Run your Python File from project Root Folder
python -m App.Database.init_db #running init_db file

`1. git fetch origin main`

    What it does: This command tells Git to go to GitHub and check for any updates
    that happened on the main branch.

    The Result: It downloads the new data from GitHub but does not change any 
    of your local files. Think of it as "downloading the update but not installing 
    it yet." It simply updates Git’s internal records so it knows exactly what the 
    GitHub version looks like.

`2. git reset --hard origin/main`

    What it does: This is the "Force Sync" command. It forces your local files to 
    match the GitHub version (origin/main) exactly.

    The Result: * It overwrites every file in your folder with the version from GitHub.

        Any code you wrote on this PC that wasn't pushed to GitHub will be permanently
        deleted. if a file is not present on git repo it will automatically deleted
        from pc repo

        It is the fastest way to fix "Pull Errors" if you don't care about the local 
        changes and just want the code from your other PC.

`3. git clean -fd`

    What it does: This command removes "Untracked" files.

    The Result: * -f (force): Deletes files that are not part of your Git repository 
    (like that Project Structure.docx or random temporary files).

        -d (directory): Deletes entire folders that are not tracked by Git.

    Why use it: Sometimes git reset only fixes files that Git already knows about. 
    If you have extra files in your folder that are causing errors (like the .docx 
    file you mentioned), this command wipes them out to give you a 100% clean project 
    folder.

    1. The "Reset" Command: Matching the Code

If you have a file on your PC that is already tracked by Git (like main.py or
 auth_routes.py),
 but the version on GitHub is different, you use:
git reset --hard origin/main

    What it ensures: This command tells your PC: "Stop looking at my local changes.
     Make every single file look exactly like the code currently 
    sitting on the GitHub main branch."

    The Result: If you edited a line of code on your PC but didn't push it, that edit 
    is deleted and replaced by the GitHub version.

2. The "Clean" Command: Removing Extra Files

If you have a file on your PC that is not on GitHub (like a temporary .docx file or
 a local test script) and it is causing a conflict during a pull, you use:
git clean -fd

    What it ensures: This command looks for any files or folders in your project
     directory that do not exist in the GitHub repository.

    The Result: It deletes those extra files. This ensures your project folder is 
    "clean" and contains only what is officially in your repository.

Why this is the "Nuclear Option"

By running both commands together:

    git fetch origin main (To get the latest info from GitHub)

    git reset --hard origin/main (To force match the code)

    git clean -fd (To delete extra local files)

You are performing a "Nuclear Reset." You are telling your computer: "Wipe everything
 local and give me a 100% identical copy of what is on GitHub."

 `Annotated in Pydantic : `

Step 1: The "Identity" Check (Data Type)

When you define Annotated[float, ...], Pydantic acts as the first guard.

    The Goal: To make sure the "shape" of the data is correct.

    If the user sends a String (e.g., "abc"): Pydantic immediately stops the process. 
    It raises a Type Error.

    If the user sends a Number (e.g., 10.5): Pydantic says, "Okay, you are the right
     type," and lets the data pass through.

Step 2: The "Background" Check (Your Function)

Once the data passes Step 1, it is handed over to your custom function
(the AfterValidator).

    The Goal: To check the "logic" or "quality" of the data.

    Your Function runs: It checks for specific rules (e.g., Is the phone number
     from Pakistan? Does the password have a capital letter?).

    Automatic Execution: You don't have to call the function yourself. Pydantic
     automatically takes the value and runs it through your function.